Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-if-the-max-value-of-a-datapoint-is-0-it-is.md (#2095)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-if-the-max-value-of-a-datapoint-is-0-it-is.md

---
date: ""

> title: If the max value of a datapoint is 0 it is now correctly displayed in the range display.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Range display now shows correct value if datapoint maximum is 0
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-58555
version: 1020.0.0
---

> If the max value of a datapoint is 0 it is now correctly displayed in the range display.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, the range display for datapoints did not show the correct maximum value if it was 0. This has been fixed and the range display now correctly shows the maximum value even if it is 0. This change ensures that users always see the accurate datapoint range in the user interface.
```
